Translation corrections (#89)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/some_tips_082.txt

			NULL, " ...and it seems they've made a lot of corrections, so I'm starting to doubt its credibility. ", GetGlobalFlag(GLinemodeSp));
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a59da9>大石</color>", NULL, "<color=#a59da9>Ooishi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s20/11/vtt_oishi3023", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "おまけに不明な点を質問してみても、全く戻しがナシのつぶてでしてね」",
			NULL, "Also, even when I question them about the unclear parts, they tell me nothing in response.\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//巴rvS20/28/VTT_tomoe3023.「あそこの鑑識課って、腕が悪いくせにやたら閉鎖的な人、多いですしね。kvS20/28/VTT_tomoe3024.まともに相談に乗ってくれそうなのは、若手の松岡くんくらいですよ」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s20/28/vtt_tomoe3023", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「あそこの鑑識課って、腕が悪いくせにやたら閉鎖的な人、多いですしね。",
			NULL, "\"There are indeed a lot of people at Forensics over there who are rather insular despite their lack of skill.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s20/28/vtt_tomoe3024", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "まともに相談に乗ってくれそうなのは、若手の松岡くんくらいですよ」",

> 			NULL, " People like Matsuoka-kun are about the only ones who'll talk.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Younger recruits like Matsuoka-kun are about the only ones who'll talk.\"", Line_Normal);
```
